Fix em scaling (#2034)
chaos-polymtl/lethe: release_notes/current/2026_06_16_Marquis.md

## [Master] - 2026/06/16

### Fixed

> - MINOR There was a bug in the dimensional scaling for the microwave heating source term. We were normalizing the excitation field for the time-harmonic Maxwell solver by the dimensionality before computing the solution and then integrating. This made it so we effectively counted the change in length scales twice because of the integration. In this PR we remove the `electromagnetic_scaling` normalization when computing the waveguide port incident field which caused the bug. We also added some clarifications to comments to improve readability and moved where we apply the dimensionality scaling to the function `scale_solution_component` which made more sens and avoid to apply the scaling at multiple place in the code depending on the user choice of normalization (E_0, H_0, power or none). A small unit test for the `dimensionality` parameter subsection that checks if the scaling factors do what we expect of them has also been added.  [#2034](https://github.com/chaos-polymtl/lethe/pull/2034)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MINOR There was a bug in the dimensional scaling for the microwave heating source term. We were normalizing the excitation field for the time-harmonic Maxwell solver by the dimensionality before computing the solution and then integrating. This made it so we effectively counted the change in length scales twice because of the integration. In this PR we remove the `electromagnetic_scaling` normalization when computing the waveguide port incident field which caused the bug. We also added some clarifications to improve code readability and  the dimensionality scaling to the function `scale_solution_component`  to avoid applying the scaling at multiple place in the code depending on the user choice of normalization (E_0, H_0, power or none). A small unit test for the `dimensionality` parameter subsection that checks if the scaling factors do what we expect of them has also been added.  [#2034](https://github.com/chaos-polymtl/lethe/pull/2034)
```
